README.md, before:

# Requirements
## IDE
Unity 2022.3.12f1
## Assets
- [Dog Knight PBR Polyart](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/animals/dog-knight-pbr-polyart-135227)
- [Fantasy Worlds: Forest FREE - Stylized Forest Environment Open World](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/fantasy/fantasy-worlds-forest-free-stylized-forest-environment-open-worl-282610)
- [AllSky Free - 10 Sky / Skybox Set](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/sky/allsky-free-10-sky-skybox-set-146014)
- [Fantasy Forest Environment - Free Demo](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/fantasy/fantasy-forest-environment-free-demo-35361)
- [Simple Gems and Items Ultimate Animated Customizable Pack (Included in this repository)](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/simple-gems-and-items-ultimate-animated-customizable-pack-73764)

# How to Use
1. 'Play_Style_A' and 'Play_Style_B' are independent Unity projects. Add and open each of them to the Unity Hub project.
2. Import all assets and run '_URP Content - Fantasy Worlds - Old Forest DEMO.unitypackage' from Assets\TriForge Assets.
3. Open the 'Prospect' scene in Assets/Scenes.
4. Replace the terrain layer with 'layer_grass01_bb3407d0e55802f81.terrainlayer'.
5. Use the Render Pipeline Converter to convert your materials to URP.
6. Attach all the scripts in Assets/BiFuzz to 'DogPolyart'.
7. When you attach a script, it becomes a component. In the added component, uncheck 'Grad_init' and 'Grad_local' to disable them.
8. Set the 'Grad_init' and 'Grad_local' components of 'DogPolyart' as shown in the image below.
    <img src="README_Images/Grad_init.png" width="50%">
    <img src="README_Images/Grad_local.png" width="50%">
9. Assign the number of frames the test will run to the variable exeTime in Assets/BiFuzz/ExeTime.cs.
10. Empty Assets/Logs and run the scene. Test results will be saved as a CSV file in Assets/Logs.

# Directory Structure

# Screencast
[URL]("URL")

Commit message:

Add Directory Structure to README.md

README.md, after:

# Requirements
## IDE
Unity 2022.3.12f1
## Assets
- [Dog Knight PBR Polyart](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/animals/dog-knight-pbr-polyart-135227)
- [Fantasy Worlds: Forest FREE - Stylized Forest Environment Open World](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/fantasy/fantasy-worlds-forest-free-stylized-forest-environment-open-worl-282610)
- [AllSky Free - 10 Sky / Skybox Set](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/sky/allsky-free-10-sky-skybox-set-146014)
- [Fantasy Forest Environment - Free Demo](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/fantasy/fantasy-forest-environment-free-demo-35361)
- [Simple Gems and Items Ultimate Animated Customizable Pack (The latest version is unapplicable, so the old version is included in this repository.)](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/simple-gems-and-items-ultimate-animated-customizable-pack-73764)

# How to Use
1. 'Play_Style_A' and 'Play_Style_B' are independent Unity projects. Add and open each of them to the Unity Hub project.
2. Import all assets and run '_URP Content - Fantasy Worlds - Old Forest DEMO.unitypackage' from Assets\TriForge Assets.
3. Open the 'Prospect' scene in Assets/Scenes.
4. Replace the terrain layer with 'layer_grass01_bb3407d0e55802f81.terrainlayer'.
5. Use the Render Pipeline Converter to convert your materials to URP.
6. Attach all the scripts in Assets/BiFuzz to 'DogPolyart'.
7. When you attach a script, it becomes a component. In the added component, uncheck 'Grad_init' and 'Grad_local' to disable them.
8. Set the 'Grad_init' and 'Grad_local' components of 'DogPolyart' as shown in the image below.
    <img src="README_Images/Grad_init.png" width="50%">
    <img src="README_Images/Grad_local.png" width="50%">
9. Assign the number of frames the test will run to the variable exeTime in Assets/BiFuzz/ExeTime.cs.
10. Empty Assets/Logs and run the scene. Test results will be saved as a CSV file in Assets/Logs.

# Directory Structure
BiFuzz  
├── Play_Style_A  
│   └── Assets  
│       ├── BiFuzz  
│       └── Logs  
└── Play_Style_B  
    └── Assets  
        ├── BiFuzz  
        └── Logs  

Each of 'Play_Style_A' and 'Play_Style_B' is an independent Unity project. The 'BiFuzz' directory under the 'Assets' directory contains the scripts that make up BiFuzz, and the 'Logs' directory stores the execution results.

# Screencast
[URL]("URL")
